From vesion 5.1, cRARk is fully 64-bit application.
32-bit version is obsolete.
----

From version 3.4, cRARk supports passwords testing
on GPU cards (CUDA and OpenCL technology). 
Current limitations are described in the docs.

I'll be grateful about your opinion and bug-reports
about this version. Please send it:

pavel@semjanov.com?subject=CUDA cRARk

----
Parallel Password Recovery (http://www.parallelrecovery.com)
has licensed cRARk engine and PCL language to use in own
products. The key features not included in cRARk are:
1) GUI
2) Password Definition Master
3) multicores/multiprocessors support
4) pause/resume of password recovery
5) new PCL constructions, including generators.

-----
This is command-line utility! Please run it from
command (DOS) prompt.
Program site:
http://www.crark.net

Please bear in mind you have quite no chance to crack unknown
password (longer than 6 symbols) if you have no additional
info about it. So, the primary purpose for this utility is
to recover your forgotten passwords. 

To quick start password cracking:

1) If you're using Windows Vista/7/8, please run 'driver-timeout.reg'
and reboot

2)  Rename one of "english.def", "spanish.def" or "russian.def" to
the "password.def" file

3) Read about password definition rules (section 4.2) until
you understand password definition examples from 4.4.

4) Change the password.def file below the '##' line
according the character set you will use.  To do it,
read section 4.2.1 of documentation. For example, if
you decide to use both case Latin letters and digits,
change password definition to
  [$a $A $1] *

5) Test your password definition using -v option.
You also may test the cracker on this archive.
Run:
   crark -pcrackme.def crark51.rar

6) Run the program

   crark your_rar_archive.rar,

7) If you have questions, read the FAQ (section 5) first.

8) Read the full docs, finally

  Please remember I almost have no time to support
this free utility, but I'll be grateful about bug reports.

   If you will make "password.def" file for other language,
send it to me please.

  Good luck!

  Pavel Semjanov, St. Petersburg